20251224\
45th months being treated as an animal by the CCP, LT, and the UK.
With the UK police being part of the persecutor group that stole my belongings on 9 Sep 2025. Making me live on the street to further humiliate and torment.

Apparently they decide to make me ill today. Power abuse without considering what it means to the victim. And those support this without question. Torment a human for years and then put up fface to accuse the victim. How hideous.
It's bad enough to have the CCP doing this kind of things. But these people look up to the authoritarians and choose to be befriend them and be the same. What's the point of technology advancement when the inside is rotten like this?

---

20251230\
3.5 months after the UK authorities and the foreign persecutors stole my belongings. I think we can say that they have gone completely shameless and pretend that everything is my fault. Given the degree of sickness, perhaps they even believed that’s the truth now.

I think it’s fair to say that not just the authorities but also a huge number of other people are getting involved and enjoying a great deal.

I don’t know what kind of sickness this is. I don’t know if there is a way out. 

It’s so absurd that humans can be as hideous as these. Especially when considering how I behaved.

In fact, often times when I behaved well, I would get punished or insulted in some way. This has also been consistent for years.

I don’t want to make too many examples. I remember that I faced increased humiliation soon after escorting the sf who pretended to be in trouble, and the sf self-claimed mother suggested she could let the sf “daughter” contact me to confirm her safety.

Of course, it doesn’t mean anything good would happen if I behaved another way.

I think it’s worth thinking about what their intention was to put on all those scripted acts like that.

I can’t think of any “good” reason to repeat for years in insulting or harming, by abusing power and influence no less, someone, especially when they behave well. On the contrary, I can think of some very sick reasons.

Recently, I also asked some “staff” of a charity to tell me what they wanted to know and suggested that I might be able to tell them directly, when they obviously acted for the persecutors. They pretended they were not and gave me an email to contact “their management”. I haven’t contacted. The email most likely will be handled by the persecutors. I have contacted the persecutors more than enough. Disgusted every single time, and nothing good can be achieved, given the responses they made were either meaningless or malicious.
