l20251108\
Getting ill again. Likely unnatural.

---

20251110\
This is kind of like when I first came to King's Cross. A sudden illness followed by intense drowsiness with the symptom largely suppressed. How many times have things like this happened? Serious illness might still be within the range of countable, although I have lost count of it. The suppression of constant coughing has gone on for a long time.

I am already constantly coughing, feeling pain for reason that shouldn't be reason at all, and more. But they still continue to hurt my health at their whims, and then suppress the symptoms to make it look not that serious.

Or not at whims, in fact, thet have been keeping me unhealthy. That "un" is not a typo, they have been keeping me unhealthy. For example, the earlier accumulation of health damage was done in the manner of:
damage -> I exercise to recover lose health -> damage again -> I exercise hard to hardly get back to the previous state -> damage again -> ...

Am I wrong to I call them [mofollistic](https://github.com/locharp/asylum_diary/blob/main/writings/Mofollistic.md)?

---

20251115\
The sickness everywhere still continues, if not growing.

How mofollistic is it for influentials to treat people as animals, experiment subjects, playthings, unreal entities like mere simulations? Even as one who has suffered such madness for years, I have no ability to describe the level of derangement.

Although these behaviours probably go together naturally, as a victim, I can't help but want to add that they were so proud and smug when they abused power to treat you as sub-human. But when things don't fit their sick vision and the experiment shows their mental state more than anything else, they further abuse power to cover up what they were so very proud of.

But don't think that they realise and acknowledge the abhorrent mistake. They still continue.

Power really creates cancer.



---

42 months, the mofollistic creatures are still playing with food while abusing power to torture me days after days, months after months. Such sick creatures pretend I am the problem.\
Since in Lithuania these creatures has been forcing me to accept being treated as animal, with appreciation, too. mofollistic creatures.\
Let me emphasise, their mofoies are done **WHILE THEY ARE COMMITTING MORE SERIOUS CRIMES**.

---

It's highly likely the sfs will commit more crimes against me.\
Every f day I live in this mf agony.
To no f end.
Same as the number of the mofos.

---

3.5 years, since the f beginning. Insulted and tortured when deprived of information. These mofollistic absolute scum pretend I am the problem now.

How is this even possible? But it is. Not only does it happen, thousands out of thousands have supported it.

---

I don't see what I can do when absurd crimes like this are conducted and supported. Some old persecution things become frequent again. It reminds me how I am insulted or otherwise used for some hidden sfs to feel good and superior, since the beginning.

And they pretend it's my fault. Having done things like this and much more, they pretend it's my fault. So mofollistic.

This is a world of power abuse and f faces for reasons. I can only be tortured in this world.

I can't even count in how many ways I am damaged.
