20251130
I am arrested again after writing https://github.com/locharp/asylum_diary/blob/main/state/past%20and%20present.md yesterday.\

I was sitting in King's Cross Station using my phone. Some staff approached. I answered some questions about the signs on my belongings, which were about the persecution I am facing. The staff left. The British Transport Police came. They checked some scratches on the floor where I was sitting and asked for my ID. I replied that they had stolen it. They wrote something on some papers, moved a bit away, then came and showed me a message. When I was trying to take a picture of the message on their phone, my phone was taken. And then I was arrested.

During the process, I was handcuffed the whole time, although I didn't do anything, searched thoroughly twice, during which my whole body, including my crotch, was touched. Apparently, my belongings were also searched. I was given a pair of trousers to change into, the trousers and jacket I was wearing were also taken away.

My request to see a solicitor was denied again. They said I denied myself when the solicitor called, which is absurd because I have told them I can only read countless times. And then forced me to leave the custody. It's not unlike last year when they unlawfully arrested me. This time, I received notices that say I am on immigration bail and about the withdrawal of implied permission to use the. Do readers remember why I have to live on the street?

They didn't give me a custody record. I asked by SMS. They told me to call, again.

I can't find a SIM card tray of my phone, I sent SMSs to them. They repeat the same meaningless replies they have been repeating since the theft of my belongings in September, or since Lithuania.

This, again, shows my situation. I don't have safety, access to rights and means to protect my property and myself.

I feel that I start to understand why some people sue over things that we normally wouldn't make a fuss about.

---

20251204\
I realised that they have done yet another thing to me.

20251211\
And they are still molesting me. I really wonder where are the people enraged by rape gangs which can be found on X and likely other platforms. In reality, those more or less know the authorities and foreign persecutors are abusing me, treating me as sub-human, stole my belongings, arrest me arbitrarily, molest me, etc support them.  
The people support them deprive me of basic human rights.  
The people support them treat me as sub-human.  
The people support them molest me. 

20251220\
Many of the things are almost funny, if there is no victim (me in this case).  
The differences between me three years ago and me now.  
What the people whom I have been trying to warn are doing.  
The way persecutors get supported despite being obviously criminal.
